add performance doc (#900)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/Performance.md

4. For clusters with 500 application pods or greater, we found the following configuration changes in the [`values.yaml`](./../helm/sumologic/values.yaml) file to lead to a more stable experience:
    - Increase the FluentBit in_tail `Mem_Buf_Limit` from 5MB to 64MB
    - Set the `remote_timeout` to 1s (default 30s) for each item in the Prometheus remote write section under `prometheus-operator.prometheus.prometheusSpec.remoteWrite`:
    ```
    - url: http://$(CHART).$(NAMESPACE).svc.cluster.local:9888/prometheus.metrics.node
      writeRelabelConfigs:
      - action: keep
        regex: node-exporter;(?:node_load1|node_load5|node_load15|node_cpu_seconds_total)
        sourceLabels: [job, __name__]
      remoteTimeout: 1s
    ```
5. For clusters with 2000 application pods, we found that the **Fluentd-events** pod had to be given a 1 GiB memory limit to accommodate the increased events load. If you find that the **Fluentd-events** pod is being OOMKilled, please increase the memory limits and requests accordingly.

> 6. For our log generating test application pods, we found that changing the IOPS to 375 or 125GiB improved stability.

Reviewer: This is not super clear to me:

> ... we found that changing the **IOPS to 375 or 125GiB** improved ... 

changing IOPS to 375 makes sense but to 125GiB? Isn't there a word missing by any chance?

Reviewer 2: Hm that refers to the EBS volume size on AWS I believe.

Reviewer: Then IMHO we should rephrase it to e.g. 

```suggestion
6. For our log generating test application pods, we found that changing the IOPS to 375 and the volume size to 125GiB improved stability.
```

> ## Up to 500 application pods

Reviewer: nitpicks:

* ideally there should be an empty line directly below a heading, otherwise a [MD022](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.20.4/doc/Rules.md#md022) is triggered when using `markdown` lint :)
* `Recommendations` section has `##` - the same as this here. IMHO `Up to 500 application pods` should be nested underneath `Recommendations` with `###` (same for `Up to 2000 application pods`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Up to 500 application pods

```

# Performance

For larger or more volatile loads, we recommend [enabling Fluentd autoscaling](./Best_Practices.md#Fluentd-Autoscaling), as this will allow Fluentd to automatically scale to support your data volume. However, the following recommendations and corresponding examples will help you get an idea of the resources required to run collection on your cluster.

## Recommendations

1. At least **8 Fluentd-logs** pods per **1 TB/day** of logs.

> 2. At least **4 Fluentd-metrics** pods per **120k DPM** of metrics.

Reviewer 3: Hey @samjsong , have we written 4 Fluentd-metrics by considering the scrape interval as well? Because I want to understand the numbers 120k and 4 fluentd metrics.
AFAIR, one fluentd-metrics is able to support around 60K DPM, so if we are considering the scrape interval of 30sec, then this 4 fluentd is fine but if now, can you tell me the number calculation of 4 fluentd metrics and 120K DPM

Author: Right, since from Sumo backend perspective the customer is billed for 120k DPM rather than for 60k DPM at 30s scrape interval, I thought it would make it easier to understand if we kept just one number for the DPM

3. The Prometheus pod will use on average **2GiB** memory per **120k DPM**; however in our experience this has gone up to **5GiB**, so we recommend allocating ample memory resources for the Prometheus pod if you wish to collect a high volume of metrics for a larger cluster.

> 4. For clusters with 500 application pods or greater, we found the following configuration changes in the [`values.yaml`](./../helm/sumologic/values.yaml) file to lead to a more stable experience:

Reviewer 3: This is applicable for 2000 application pods as well

Author: Agreed, I think 500 application pods or greater" should be enough to cover both of the tested cases

Reviewer 3: Correct.

    - Increase the FluentBit in_tail `Mem_Buf_Limit` from 5MB to 64MB
    - Set the `remote_timeout` to 1s (default 30s) for each item in the Prometheus remote write section under `prometheus-operator.prometheus.prometheusSpec.remoteWrite`:
    ```
    - url: http://$(CHART).$(NAMESPACE).svc.cluster.local:9888/prometheus.metrics.node
      writeRelabelConfigs:
      - action: keep
        regex: node-exporter;(?:node_load1|node_load5|node_load15|node_cpu_seconds_total)
        sourceLabels: [job, __name__]
      remoteTimeout: 1s
    ```
5. For clusters with 2000 application pods, we found that the **Fluentd-events** pod had to be given a 1 GiB memory limit to accommodate the increased events load. If you find that the **Fluentd-events** pod is being OOMKilled, please increase the memory limits and requests accordingly.
6. For our log generating test application pods, we found that increasing the IOPS to 300 minimum improved stability.

### Up to 500 application pods

> Our test cluster had 70 nodes (AWS m5a.2xlarge instances).

Reviewer 3: So, out of the 70 nodes, the fluentds were running on AWS m4.large nodes.
m5a.2xlarge instances was for the prometheus and for the application pods .

IIn 500 and 2000 pods, the fluentds and k8s collection pods were m4.large instances only.

Author: That's true, my opinion was that we could stick with the larger node size for simplicity but I agree we can be more accurate - I will make the change

> We used 125 GiB GP2 volumes, which allowed for IOPS of 375. In addition we attached a 300GiB volume to the Prometheus pod.

Reviewer 3: We can mention for the point `In addition we attached a 300GiB volume to the Prometheus pod` that, since we were not forwarding the metrics to sumo and we were analyzing the metrics in grafana, so we need to store the metrics somewhere and therefore we used 300GiB volume

Author: Ah, that's a good point. In this case I think we can actually just remove this point, because it will not be needed for the customer since they will be sending their metrics to Sumo.
